feat: added error strategy for node and browser clients (#745)
flipt-io/flipt-client-sdks: flipt-client-browser/README.md

  - `authentication`: The authentication strategy to use when communicating with the upstream Flipt instance. If not provided, the client will default to no authentication. See the [Authentication](#authentication) section for more information.
  - `reference`: The [reference](https://docs.flipt.io/guides/user/using-references) to use when fetching flag state. If not provided, reference will not be used.
  - `fetcher`: An implementation of a [fetcher](https://github.com/flipt-io/flipt-client-sdks/blob/4821cb227c6c8b10419b96674d44ad1d6668a647/flipt-client-browser/src/models.ts#L5) interface to use when requesting flag state. If not provided, a default fetcher using the browser's [`fetch` API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) will be used.

>   - `errorStrategy`: The error strategy to use when fetching flag state. If not provide, the client will be default to fail. See the [Error Strategies](#error-strategies) section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `errorStrategy`: The error strategy to use when fetching flag state. If not provided, the client will default to fail. See the [Error Strategies](#error-strategies) section for more information.
```
